Peak matching algorithm (#30613)
mantidproject/mantid: docs/source/algorithms/PeakMatching-v1.rst

.. algorithm::

.. summary::

.. relatedalgorithms::

.. properties::

Description
-----------
This algorithm takes a table of peak centres and standard deviation and matches it to a database
to find probable energy transitions for peaks.

Input Table and datafile requirement
####################################

> - input table must have atleast 2 tables in which one column is the peak centre and the other is the standard deviation,the names of the columns must be given if they differ from the default values: centre and sigma respectively.

Reviewer: This sentence does not make sense

Author: I meant to say "input table must have atleast 2 columns in which one column is the peak centre and the other is the standard deviation,the names of the columns must be given if they differ from the default values: centre and sigma respectively."

          "M(10->3)": 567,
          "8->6": 122.2
        },
        "Gammas": {
          "72Ge(n,n')72Ge": 691,
          "73Ge(n,g)74Ge": null,
          "74Ge(n,n')74Ge": 595.7
        }
      }
    }

Usage
-----

*Example: Using all defaults**

.. testcode:: OnlyPeaktable

	from mantid.simpleapi import *
	import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
	import numpy

	table = CreateEmptyTableWorkspace(OutputWorkspace="input")
	rows = [(900, 0.8), (306, 0.8), (567, 0.8), (3, 0.8)]

	table.addColumn("double","centre")
	table.addColumn("double","sigma")

	for row in rows:
		table.addRow(row)
    
	PeakMatching(table)

	primary_matches = mtd['primary_matches'] 
	secondary_matches = mtd['secondary_matches'] 
	all_matches = mtd['all_matches'] 
	sorted_by_energy = mtd['all_matches_sorted_by_energy'] 
	element_likelihood = mtd[ 'element_likelihood'] 

	print("--"*25)
	print(primary_matches.row(0))
	print("--"*25)
	print(secondary_matches.row(0))
	print("--"*25)
	print(all_matches.row(0))
	print("--"*25)
	print(sorted_by_energy.row(0))
	print("--"*25)
	print(element_likelihood.row(0))
		
Output:

.. testoutput:: OnlyPeaktable

	--------------------------------------------------

> 	{'Peak centre': 3.0, 'Database Energy': 3.4, 'Element': 'Li', 'Transition': 'L(3d->2p)', 'Error': 0.8, 'Difference': 0.3999999999999999}

Reviewer: lets round the values to a few significant figures

.. algorithm::

.. summary::

.. relatedalgorithms::

.. properties::

Description
-----------

> This algorithm takes a table of peak centres and standard deviation and matches it to a database

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This algorithm takes a table of peak centres and standard deviations, then finds overlap with a database of known values```

> This algorithm takes a table of peak centres and standard deviations, then finds overlap with a database of known values```

Reviewer 2: I think the ``` may have snuck in when adding a one line comment from a previous review. Could you fix this sentence

to find probable energy transitions for peaks.

Input Table and datafile requirement
####################################

> - input table must have atleast 2 column in which one column is the peak centre and the other is the standard deviation,the names of the columns must be given if they differ from the default values: centre and sigma respectively.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- input table must have at least 2 column in which one column is the peak centre and the other is the standard deviation, the names of the columns must be given if they differ from the default values: centre and sigma respectively.
```
